everyone i think my princess and i'm
going to be having a giveaway excited to
be having this giveaway and it's going
to be sponsored by a vanity com if you
want to enter into this contest all you
have to do is leave a comment below
letting me know your most funniest
embarrassing or craziest wardrobe
malfunction that you've ever had an
example of a wardrobe malfunction would
basically be halogen ejection was
performing in front of everyone live on
the Super Bowl and one of her buttons
popped up on her top and her right here
this section of popped out for the world
to see and that was so embarrassing for
her but at the same time she laughed it
off and she made it into a funny moment
so something in those lines and let me
know and that will enter into the
contest and in order to be eligible to
win all you have to do is be a
subscriber to my channel and all you
need to do is follow even a tee on
twitter and add them on facebook and
i'll have those links down below prizes
there's going to be one winner if you
are the one that wins you will get to
pick one accessory of your choice from a
vanity calm so I'm really excited it's a
great prize and very generous of the
vanity so yeah that's what I get tickets
choose once essary off the website so
whether it's jewelry a scarf a handbag
huge song I will also have a ten percent
promo code for you and it's going to be
right here it'll be pink mac-10 that
will save you ten percent off their
website and who doesn't love to save
definitely check them out and do a
little shopping on their website in city
ten percent i will show you some of the
stuff that i got from their website and
i got this really cute boy laser it's a
short sleeve blazer it's got the button
down and it's got some ringing right
and a little bit on the sleeve it's
super cute super adorable I have been
looking for a short sleeve blazer so
that way i can double it up and i won't
be overly hot i got a pair of black
basic black dress pants both of these
items are a staple for the closet next i
got this gorgeous gorgeous white sequin
skirt and it's got some kind of a silver
ribbon lining in it and i just love it
and then it's got little fringes at the
bottom i'm wearing a sequin top and
secrets right now is a very in and
everyone it is into the whole sequence
thing because it gives it a little pup
Sparkle I'm pairing it with a cardigan
that is a great cardigan so it just kind
of hangs down Emily I'm wearing it with
a pair of jeggings very slimming so I
recommend these jeggings to everyone
this stitching is the very high quality
it has a white stitching they have jeans
for everyone and they are inseam goes
all the way up from 29 all the way up to
37 of their genes are a wide variety of
sizes and lengths they're really easy to
just slip on a slip off because some
jeggings you know are really hard to get
into and you have to like start pulling
at them and everything these are just
like glue you know and the size is very
true to size so yeah we good luck to
everyone you guys have any questions
comments or concerns let me know thanks
for watching and again I will see you
guys later bye
you